c:\users\aneek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\aneek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication1.exe
c:\users\aneek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\aneek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication1.xml
c:\users\aneek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.Resources.resources
c:\users\aneek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aneek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.exe
c:\users\aneek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.xml
c:\users\aneek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\aneek\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\aneek\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.Form2.resources
C:\Users\aneek\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.Form3.resources
C:\Users\aneek\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\aneek\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.Form4.resources
C:\Users\aneek\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\aneek\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\aneek\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.Form5.resources
C:\Users\aneek\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.EditForm.resources
C:\Users\aneek\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.DisplayRecord.resources
C:\Users\aneek\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.DeleteRecord.resources
C:\Users\aneek\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication1\WindowsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication1.DisplaysingleRecord.resources
